hey what is up guys this easy limited
edition unboxing or Gears over 3 so
basically what we have here is just a
straight black box with awesome design
around it pretty cool it feels nice as I
was like a matte black finish to it in
the middle you can see a um what they
call bob says dr. Adam Fenix full
service to humanity I don't know what
that means but I guess if you played
campaign you might figure out what that
means I don't know so even go there's
that little black I mean there's the cob
all right let's get to the good stuff up
basically yeah it's pretty weird things
like this like instead of opening like
odd odd this way it opens like this way
when you have to lift it up so easily
once you lift it up and as is come to
the game right here game case it's just
just a straight design case nothing
fancy about as a manual disk is already
in my xbox so that's probably why is my
c bad idea and it comes with a blue and
white fabric cog flag if you want to
hang this in your room something if
you're a true gears of war fan let's see
the Octus metal professor Adam fields
coalition government optus metal from an
Phoenix outstanding contributor and
outstanding contribution to ending
global conflict and securing peace for
all of Sarah that's pretty nice pretty
cool to save the world I guess
oh aight jodi schematic this is the
hammer of non schematic how like I it
works i guess the satellites drop down
the dawn that's pretty simple straight
fo r east will and testament of adam
Jonathan Phoenix um hey my roof he who
so basically it says well it says that
um he will give his estate to his son
Marcus Michael Phoenix to be held in
trust until he reaches 18 years of age
it's kind of weird because Marcus is
like 40
he says that in the event if Marcus
Fenix does not survive me by one month i
bequeath the sum of 1 million dollars to
Eduardo Santiago I guess maybe Tom's
brother I'm not sure actually because of
Dom's lifetime is Santiago this is
signature and Phoenix on 15 BR 83 not
sure what the BR means but they pray
through creation looks as if we have a
notice on AJ Phoenix Halden hall e spero
k Jacinto it's a little too Marcus
pretty simple like the design on it love
your is dead I've got some pictures here
too I guess it's a picture with Adam
Fenix and someone else well it's like a
gives away three box someone else
receiving something um Adam sir is your
debt the hammer of dawn is guaranteed
piece forged generation to come never
was the office movies or with my friend
and yours any Tom little letter honest
and this is a Adam Fenix excuse days
made a badass Elaine darling make the
most of your friend brand new major
civilian again in two months tell Marcus
that daddy's coming home soon all my
love Adam a little love letter and I'm
basically I sit for this nothing here
but if you pull open the top just put my
camera down basically if you pull over
the top has the car
pretty cool says dr. Adam Fenix for
service to humanity on the back it says
property of coalition of ordered
governments which is cog so that's
pretty cool it's like a paperweight is
pretty heavy it's like steel pretty nice
um also to give you stickers in the game
case for Gears of War so that's pretty I
even put this stuff back that's pretty
neat i found that pretty cool all in all
this game is great i'm liking it hope
you guys are liking it if you're going
to get it don't hesitate get the game
game is great anyways i hope you guys
like watching the unboxing normal
admission um i would not get the epic
addition because that's just way too
much so if you like the limited edition
i'll take go pick up pick yourself up a
copy there because i like it's pretty
nice baby ah this is something that I
had to having a limited edition for but
like if I didn't have it I would feel
like a left down so it was jus qs fan
for the beginning so like I don't have
this it's not going to see all right
anyway guys thanks for watching and stay
tuned for more geek